Hello everyone and welcome to despite a tutorial in the previous video.
We started with our training group and now it's time to completed and finally start with the training
process if you remember the last thing that we've done in the previous video is checking if the action
was one.
In other words we checked for action was buying the stock and not selling one.
The next thing to check is whether the action is equal to two or if we were selling the stock as we
said we cannot sell anything if we haven't previously bought it.
In other words we can't sell a stock if it's not already in our inventory.
We need to make sure that we already have something in our inventory to handle this situation.
We are going to introduce additional condition so let's say if land of our trader dot inventory is bigger
than 0 and in other words we have some stocks bought already.
So if both of these conditions are true we are going to track what is the buy price will say buy price
is equal to and we will use our trader dot inventory to pop of zero.
And by this we are selling stocks in order and that is additional strategy that you can use to improve
this algorithm.
Now we are going to calculate the reward by using max between date of T which is the current data of
our stock minus by price and zero.
This means if data of T is less than by price we lost the money and the reward here is zero by the total
profit is increased right here with the difference between the current price and the buy price the whole
user experience can be improved by using simple print statement here such as the agent has bought or
sold the stock for that and that price and the week earned or lost that and that amount of money.
The nice thing to do is to check whether or not this is the last sample in our dataset and that's the
case.
We are done so we don't have any more steps to perform in the current episode so we can say if T is
equal to data samples minus one.
If that is the case said done too true.
Otherwise said done to false and that's pretty much it.
We checked it.
We have more samples and if that was the case we just proceed further.
Until the end of the episode or if we already pass the number of data samples we just don't have any
more days in the data set.
We'll stop here and finish our episode.
The next thing to do is to append all the data to our trader memory or experience replay buffer.
To do this right.
Trader dot memory and here dot the band called this function since we are using just simple type lists
and now we have to provide a lot of things.
So let's say state action a reward.
And then we have to specify next state that we calculated.
And lastly we have this provide done.
This is all what we have to provide to our memory then we are going to change the state to our next
state so we can iterate through the whole thing and we are pretty much done the next step is to print
out the total profit.
If done or if done is equal to true I'm going to stop the video right here and to write a few print
statements so we don't have to write them from scratch so I'll skip to the part of the video when I'm
not.
And welcome back guys.
As you can see here in the meantime I only added a few printing statements so that we can continue with
our implementation.
But let me walk you through them here.
If the action is one I just edit a simple print statement that says a trader board then stock price
format function that is going to format our price I added a similar statement to our case when the action
is equal to true.
So here we are seeing the trader sold the stock for that and that price and how much money did we make
or lose.
And at the end if done is equal to true.
Where does printing the total profit before we start with our training process.
There are two more things to do and that is to check if we have more information in our memory of our
batch size.
If that is the case we are going to call our trader daughter back train and the only argument we need
to provide is batch size and that's it.
Now in the main episode loop we are going to check if the number of episodes in a total division of
10 is equal to zero.
And if that is the case we are going to save the model to save the model.
Let us specify trader dot model dot safe and inside this save function.
The only argument that we need to provide is the model name.
Let's say a trader.
And here curly brackets.
So we can populate with episode index then dot age 5 which is extension of our weights.
And since we need to populate these curly brackets right.
Dot format.
And in that provide episode and it's all what we have to do and we are totally done with our implementation
for this section.
I know it was a lot of taking.
Try to go for the code a few more times.
It is a very straightforward but a bit longer.
Let's execute the cell and start the training process.
Are you ready.
And as you can see our bot already started with our buying and selling stocks already making some profit.
It is not a law.
It's about free dollars profit per action which is a lot in the long run it is going to train for a
long time.
Also don't expect this trade report to be the perfect one.
It is going to be a decent.
You can make money with it but I wouldn't suggest using it with your own money just as a disclaimer
if you go with this bot and use it with your own money you're doing that on your own risk.
I don't use this algorithm for my trainings and if I were you I would discuss a few additional strategies
to add to this model to be more robust for the market.
For example you can improve the model by using some strategies to follow the trend.
Even though the model will gather trend but you can do that manually as well maybe improve this to use
less time instead of symbol dense layers.
And maybe you can even use sentiment analysis of Twitter tweets to get more information for the model
if you want you can keep the training process as long as you want it is going to take a lot of time
to train and that's it for now.
We are done with our board.
It is going to be trained and you can test it later on if you have any questions or comments as always.
Please post them in the comments section.
Otherwise I assume the next tutorial.